DOC New section in Changelog 4.12.0 (#69)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/04_Changelogs/4.12.0.md

For more information about the `samesite` attribute check out https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie/SameSite

### The canView permission required to access a submitted file in UserForm {#access-submitted-files}

> The enhancements to `UserForm` have been made to protect files uploaded using `UserDefinedForm` from unauthorized access by users who do not have access to the submitted files folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A security enhancement to `UserForm` has been made to protect files uploaded using `UserDefinedForm` from unauthorised access by content authors who do not have access to the submitted files folder.
```

> Now if the user does not have sufficient rights to view the files that are in the folder associated with this form, then the user will see the message "Insufficient rights to view the file" and will not be able to upload the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a content author with access to the UserForm page does not have sufficient *can view* rights on submitted files, they will see the message "Insufficient rights to view the file" and will not be able to access the file.
```

> If you want to keep the behavior that existed before these changes, then you need to add the following changes to your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to retain previous behaviour and automatically grant content authors access to view submitted file, you can apply the following extension to your project.
```

It is necessary to create an extension that will provide the necessary access rights to the user to view and download the submitted file.

**app/src/extensions/MyFileExtension.php**

```php

> use SilverStripe\ORM\DataExtension;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<?php
use SilverStripe\ORM\DataExtension;
```

For more information about the `samesite` attribute check out https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie/SameSite

### The canView permission required to access a submitted file in UserForm {#access-submitted-files}

A security enhancement to `UserForm` has been made to protect files uploaded using `UserDefinedForm` from unauthorised access by content authors who do not have access to the submitted files folder.
If a content author with access to the UserForm page does not have sufficient *can view* rights on submitted files, they will see the message "Insufficient rights to view the file" and will not be able to access the file.

> If you want to retain previous behaviour and automatically grant content authors access to view submitted file, you can apply the following extension to your project.
> It is necessary to create an extension that will provide the necessary access rights to the user to view and download the submitted file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to retain the previous behaviour and automatically grant content authors access to view submitted file, you can apply the following extension to your project.
```
